Bike shop industry exploration
==============================
Date: May 11, 2026
Time: 4:58 PM – 5:24 PM CDT
Location: 300 Water St, Excelsior, MN 55331


TRANSCRIPT
----------
Unknown: We do sell whatever we have, I guess is the best way to put it.

Unknown: We're pretty uh there's a couple of used mouth bikes up there that are in bad shape that are in bad shape and nice, depending on what you're looking for.

Unknown: That's cool.

Lucas: I'm going into my senior year and I'm like, really don't know what I'm gonna do and I've been exploring a lot of industries and I've been looking at a lot of these bike shops and and things like that.

Lucas: Like, do you normally sell all of the used bikes you get?

Unknown: And if they're salvageable, sometimes we will fix them up and give them like free bikes for kids.

Unknown: I mean, sometimes we just turn people away and say, nah, we're not interested from that perspective.

Unknown: Just not all bikes are say they're savable unfortunately.

Unknown: I've got some non-saveable bikes.

Unknown: Yeah, that's true.

Unknown: Is most of your business from repair or new?

Unknown: You know, in the off-season, it's mostly repair.

Unknown: In this season, people bring them basically this season is new bike season, meaning once it goes above 60 degrees, everybody's like, I should get a new bike.

Unknown: And it used bike seasons kind of all year round.

Unknown: We sell used bikes all the time from that.

Unknown: Because people are always looking for that.

Lucas: How have bike sales been good?

Lucas: Like, is it still a growing industry or no?

Lucas: Everybody wanted a bike. Yeah.

Unknown: Well, have e-bikes grown a lot for you guys?

Unknown: Oh, yeah.

Unknown: E-bikes, every other e-bike you sell.

Unknown: Really?Wow.

Unknown: Yeah, people want e-bikes.

Unknown: E-bikes are cool and they help you get up the hills and I mean it's a mode of transportation.

Unknown: There's not a stigma around them anymore.

Unknown: People used to have stigmas around the e-bikes and that.

Unknown: I was out in California and a lot of people had electric mountain bikes now.

Unknown: Electric mountain bikes, huge business.

Lucas: Seriously, huge.

Lucas: Is it typical customers, or is it a lot of new people who have never been in the store?

Unknown: We're regulars.

Unknown: I'm like, yeah, we're 2016.

Unknown: That's awesome.

Unknown: Yeah.You know, but you know, we're kind of on the ass end of Excelsior, I guess it's.

Lucas: Whereas you definitely still get some good traffic by here.

Lucas: How do people find out about you guys?

Lucas: Do they normally just wander in or is it they either look online, they wander in, things like that.

Unknown: Then half the time when people walk in, they don't know what they're buying.

Unknown: They're like, I need a bike.

Unknown: And sometimes they realize an e-bike fits them best, and sometimes they realize that they just need.

Unknown: We sell a lot of what we sell a lot of is either e-bikes, just kind of any kind of e-bike because someone wants something to get around on the trail or things like that, or we sell a lot of hyperbikes, so flat bar road bikes with a little wider tires.

Unknown: We don't sell a lot of ground bikes, we sell it easily bikes.

Unknown: But we don't sell, what we don't sell in this shop is what you ask for, which is road bikes.

Unknown: Road bikes just, we never sell road bikes.

Unknown: It's very rare when we get a person that says, hey, we want a road bike.

Unknown: We just don't sell them.

Unknown: We're not in a road bike shop.

Unknown: We get a lot of used road bikes, as you see from the sell eventually.

Unknown: Sometimes, when they don't sell, you donate them for like three bikes for kids or things like that just to get rid of them.

Unknown: What?Do you sell bikes online?

Unknown: Do you have a.

Lucas: Well, there's like a.

Lucas: I think it's good to be in the store, though, and get your opinion on what bike to buy, though.

Unknown: I don't know.

Unknown: They don't sell online, they show you what's in stock and stuff, and you can reserve online.

Unknown: That's really cool.

Unknown: How long have you been here?

Unknown: This bike shop has been here since 2016.

Unknown: Three years ago, it got a new owner.

Unknown: So from 2016 to three years ago, it was a different owner, and now there's a new owner.

Unknown: Have you been there here this whole time then?

Unknown: I only started working here about 18 months ago.

Unknown: Got it. Cool. Tell me a new mountain, Mike. Yeah.

Unknown: And my dad just got one.

Lucas: I want to get more into biking for sure.

Unknown: It's just such a cool way to explore wherever you're living.

Unknown: Mountain biking is insane.

Unknown: Yeah.That Revelation cycle is a beautiful little bike.

Unknown: Yeah, I've never seen, well, I've heard of Cannondale, but I've never heard of Revelation.

Unknown: Revelation's a a little what I will call handmade bike shop.

Lucas: And they're a little heavy, but you can, they have 3, 300 colors that you can pick from.

Lucas: So it's made all of the parts are different.

Unknown: You can, like, if you, if the lights were on, because I'm closed obviously, but if the lights were on, you could see that the stem on that is a really funky metallic purple.

Unknown: And it's just a really cool looking thing.

Lucas: And it's all they're all about custom, like maybe custom wheels that you see on the wall type thing.

Unknown: Yeah.Oh, sorry, we didn't see your clothes.

Unknown: You weren't open.

Unknown: I wrench on Mondays, and I, just like the last guy that was in here, I told him, he's like, he's like, but you're clothes.

Unknown: I'm like, I can help you.

Unknown: I look for if someone wanders in and they need some help while they're working, so I'm like, I'm gonna help someone.

Unknown: I'm not gonna tell people to go away.

Unknown: Thank you.

Lucas: We appreciate it.

Unknown: We're just here to talk to.

Lucas: Are there new models all the time?

Lucas: Like, do you guys have any strategy when ordering new inventory, or is it just based on what's happened to Fast?

Lucas: So, the what bike, how bike, do you know how bike shops work for inventory?

Unknown: Because it's a little fascinating.

Unknown: So, most bike shops are most bike shops operate this way.

Unknown: And they order about 80% of their inventory in January, February.

Unknown: It doesn't get delivered until usually March or April, because then the bike manufacturers build up and get that done.

Unknown: Plus, bike shops don't pay for their bikes when they order them, so they get terms usually of net 180 so that they can get through the summer.

Unknown: I just told you when bikes sell, the summer selling so that they can pay for it from that perspective.

Unknown: So, it's a really weird dynamic, and that's why you'll see if it's a bad year, you'll see that aggressively sales start to happen at bike shops in late August and into September because they're hitting that net 180.

Unknown: Yeah, they need the cash flow.

Unknown: You're getting it.

Unknown: So, that's how it works.

Unknown: But the smaller bike shops are independents, they're all operating on a net 180 basis when it comes to bikes.

Unknown: And it's not that they don't order throughout the year, like, if you sell out of stuff, you have to replenish what you've sold out of from that perspective.

Unknown: But most of the bikes that are ordered are sitting in boxes, like you see back there, because they get shipped in March, and bike shops, they're not sitting on them.

Unknown: They've got to find people like me, mechanics, who can put the damn things together from that perspective and get the bikes together because you get this glut of hundreds of bikes at once, if you get what I mean.

Unknown: Do you kit them out, or do they do they come are they only frames that come, or do they give you a whole kit?

Unknown: So like this shop, this shop is a county and Canyon Dale shop.

Unknown: That's what you see on the floor.

Unknown: That's what the new bikes are.

Unknown: Three-quarters.Three-quarters.

Unknown: Me.So, like, when I say three-quarters, is the whole back end will be together.

Unknown: Yep.This won't be, the shifters won't be adjusted, but the chain will be on, all that, all that's there, the cranks and bottom bracket will be torqued to spec, the wheels will already be done.

Unknown: The front wheel's off, you put on the front wheel, you adjust the derailleurs, you adjust the brakes, you put on the handlebars, sometimes you have to cut the steer tube to get it to the right size, adjust the headset, and go.

Unknown: Like, this is more fun.

Unknown: I'm building this bike from scratch.

Unknown: Like, this bike came in a box in a million parts.

Unknown: So, that's literally what I've been doing today, is this bike's a from scratch build of a very classic antique bike that was repainted and they want it put back together.

Unknown: So, this is what mechanics have more fun with: with getting together a bike fully from scratch.

Unknown: So, generally, they try to have this is a mechanic shop.

Unknown: So, what that means, so you have three different sales models in shops.

Lucas: You have a mechanic shop, meaning that everyone's a wrench.

Unknown: The salespeople are wrenches, everyone's a wrench, there's no front office person.

Unknown: So, you'll see, there are usually two people here, and they're usually both wrenching.

Unknown: And when someone comes in and wants to buy something, they have knowledge about the bikes, and they can sell the bikes, but they're a wrench.

Unknown: That's like freewheel.

Unknown: Cycles, mechanics and salespeople.

Lucas: Then you have shops like Eric's.

Unknown: That's why I said there's three models.

Unknown: Eric's big enough that they have three sets of employees: they have mechanics, they have service writers, and they have salespeople.

Unknown: No, that's serious.

Unknown: Yeah, that's how it works.

Lucas: Just through whatever social media you do, people walking in and looking it up, or do you guys have some targeted campaigns?

Unknown: The boss is trying to do a little more targeted social media, but it's only they're only doing it on Facebook, so they're not doing a whole lot of what I would call big social media campaigns, dragging things in.

Unknown: Plus, this chuck has been here for 10 years.

Unknown: His reputation is what it is.

Lucas: Yeah, no, we're pretty entrepreneurial and looking at a bunch of different industries.

Lucas: Just, I mean, we're both love outdoor sports.

Unknown: We grew up skiing and biking.

Lucas: Awesome.It's just fun to learn about.

Unknown: Is there any part of the job that you really don't like?

Unknown: And before this, I'm a retired person.

Unknown: Whole different life.

Unknown: Yeah, wow.

Lucas: Yeah.My life is talking to people, and this is a part-time job for me.

Unknown: This is what it comes down to.

Unknown: So I enjoy talking, like, seriously, this is why the doors open while I'm closed.

Unknown: And why I like to talk two college kids walked in to bug you.

Unknown: I like to talk to you.

Lucas: That's just the way I am.

Unknown: That's awesome.

Unknown: It did feel a little dark in here.

Unknown: Yeah.I do Sundays, and Sundays are just like, oh my god, so goddamn busy.

Unknown: We're lucky if we get any normal repairs done on Sunday because it's just really just everyone walking.

Unknown: So the stuff in the queue gets done Wednesday through Friday because they have two mechanics on.

Unknown: They're helping the occasional customer come in, but most of the time there isn't a whole lot of business that comes in during the week.

Unknown: Saturday, huge sales day.

Unknown: Sunday is a choose your adventure day.

Unknown: It can be as dead as it is right now, and we get to work on bikes, or it can be tons of people wanting to test ride bikes, or it can be tons of people walking in with, I broke my derailleur yesterday, can you fix this?

Unknown: Yeah, you know, it's just, it's a, we never, we never plan for anything on Sunday.

Unknown: We just, this is why I'm the Sunday guy.

Unknown: Because I've been wrenching since 2016.

Unknown: I started working my own bikes in my own garage, and then I started helping other people with stuff.

Lucas: Sounds like they were lucky to find you.

Lucas: Yeah, seriously.

Unknown: My name's Aaron.

Unknown: Lucas.Marley.

Unknown: Marley.Marley?

Unknown: Yeah, got it.

Lucas: Yeah, this is fantastic.

Lucas: I'll be stopping back by whenever.

Unknown: What's your owner's name?

Unknown: The owner's name is Dan.

Unknown: Is he ever in store as well?

Unknown: He's here Wednesday.

Unknown: He's here part-time Wednesday through Friday, kind of coaching and giving the mechanics stuff to do, but he has a real job, real job where he still is in corporate America.

Unknown: And then he does Saturdays.

Lucas: Well, good luck with everything.

Unknown: You too.