Bike shop business research interview
=====================================
Date: May 11, 2026
Time: 6:37 PM – 7:00 PM CDT
Location: 12825–12883 Plaza Dr, Eden Prairie, MN 55344


TRANSCRIPT
----------
Lucas: Two years in college and very entrepreneurial.

Lucas: I've been exploring a bunch of industries and doing a lot of just research and conversations just in outdoor sports and are fascinated.

Unknown: I don't know.

Unknown: I'm like management or anything.

Lucas: Yeah?How is the whole dynamic here work?

Unknown: Yeah, I mean, so bike shops usually have to run things pretty small scale.

Unknown: Freewheel basically has it like you've got a you've got a regional manager, but mostly they've got to try to have the store manager.

Unknown: I mean Eric's is going to have it more as like a like a like a bunch of small but a big kind of overall corporation.

Unknown: Try to keep it more or less the same, keep the McDonald's thing where you kind of more of like friendships and things.

Unknown: But yeah, so most days it's just, you know, get Brett up there in sales.

Unknown: We'll have Dennis usually up here too.

Lucas: Do you interact a lot with the manager on like inventory stuff and stuff like that?

Unknown: Or is that we chat with him?

Unknown: I mean he's he's got a pre-lockdown.

Unknown: He might be here tomorrow.

Unknown: Okay.Across how many states do you know?

Unknown: Okay.Yeah, it's kind of Woodbury, Woodbury, Richfield, Bloomington, Tonica here.

Unknown: I don't remember the ones I said. St. Paul and Minneapolis.

Unknown: There's a couple of missing in there, but they're all in the wall there.

Unknown: So, yeah.

Unknown: Well, have you guys been busy?

Unknown: Yeah, this time of year, bikes are all.

Unknown: Yeah, bikes are all starting to jump at us.

Unknown: Bikes are all about the weather.

Unknown: Like, the first time it's 60 degrees outside or higher, it looks like it's going to stay there, that's when we're busy.

Unknown: So pretty much, people should come in and get things tuned up and stuff in the winter, but they just kind of come by.

Unknown: We'll get people coming in getting their overhauls and things like that.

Unknown: Yeah, but big stuff.

Unknown: Human beings are kind of, they wanna worry about the thing they have to worry about right now and they don't wanna think about something four months down the line they don't think about.

Unknown: Yeah, man, there's a lot of way at all. Yeah.

Unknown: Do you get all your bikes at once at the start of the season or is it pretty steady throughout the so you uh um so difference I mean so I worked at a one location store before this um and uh the nice thing about having eight locations is you know you can get a bigger order, get uh get a better uh um pick up my uh drama racing or whatever um typically we can get better uh better orders overall if we have better bigger uh uh orders so yeah we can order a big one and then just kind of uh take one and then just kind of some gets parsed out and all that yeah you want to grab dylan there yeah grab grab dylan for that um and then uh but most of the time so like uh most bike shops work on terms they'll they'll put their order in before the season and then they won't have to pay until it's changed constantly but like around now may june and so you're usually picking up a fair amount of bikes and then uh before you made you that's cool yeah do you see the same faces in here all the time?

Unknown: No, I mean, you know, you get regulars for sure, but bikes are a thing people purchase, you know, once every five to ten years, depending on what their interest is.

Unknown: Some people, if this is the first time they've been in a bike shop in thirty years, I'd say um you know I'd say it's mostly new people.

Lucas: So of all all over the just type of person or yeah, yeah.

Unknown: We kind of have to walk them through it from the beginning.

Unknown: So they were still a little bit trendy setting originally.

Lucas: Yeah.Purchasing power.

Unknown: Yeah.Is it one of those two things?

Unknown: And we could just ask, is there anything like you're really trying to cut costs on?

Unknown: Is there anything like feels like an absurd expense that shouldn't be?

Unknown: Yeah.They're pretty good.

Unknown: Okay, so I'd like usually for a day and just kind of see what you're doing.

Unknown: You definitely feel like I know when they're expensive and things like that.

Lucas: And then would you recommend whatever pressure would you recommend?

Unknown: Yeah, I mean I usually would go higher than that.

Lucas: You in the middle of selling with someone or do you have a second?

Lucas: We've talked to a couple people at Freewheel.

Unknown: But are you on the sales staff?

Unknown: Another shop in Kiowa.

Unknown: I mean, we definitely do more dollars-wise here.

Unknown: Cool.Cool. Nice. Yeah.

Unknown: They did skis stuff too.

Lucas: So you're busier in the winter too?

Unknown: Yeah, yeah, so we had year-round there's stuff going on where they switched to the store and stuff.

Lucas: Nice.How often do you interact with the management here?

Unknown: Are they in here a lot?

Unknown: Yeah, so we don't have like a store manager here, one of the regional directors is here like two, three days a week or so.

Unknown: He's here like all day working.

Lucas: Yeah, I don't know if you have the perspective, just in sales, do you feel like they're pushing a lot more to drive revenue and sell a lot more?

Unknown: Super focused on margin.

Unknown: Like that was like the return director I talked about, that's like his key thing.

Unknown: He does all the ordering because we're super concerned with who who can get the cheapest removed or drive margin.

Unknown: But then just with like we're actually like a truck retailer.

Lucas: Just with like the price of some of their bikes, we've our like strategy this year was really like volume focused.

Unknown: There's like your discount you're getting with track as you go up in volume?

Unknown: No, it's just stocking the cheaper bikes and focusing on the price point to sell more. Yeah. Got it.

Unknown: Just because like we don't think we can sell at the higher we can sell enough and at the higher price points, yeah.

Lucas: And you said the regional manager is in charge of all the inventory ordering.

Lucas: Does he do you guys have any influence or any input on just letting him know trends?

Unknown: It usually happens.

Unknown: I would say like we see him like once or twice a month.

Unknown: He's here he's here this morning.

Unknown: So like all the actual like bikes are in charge of that.

Lucas: Is it normally pretty sharp?

Unknown: We don't do a ton of like freewheel discounting.

Unknown: We have our phonetics program.

Unknown: Does anybody talk to you about that?

Unknown: No.It's like a loyalty or yeah, think of it.

Unknown: It's kind of like an REI membership.

Unknown: One time $30, you get 10% of everything you buy going forward.

Unknown: And then.

Lucas: But like car racks, computers, like all that stuff's like is part of the program.

Unknown: Like if they aren't signed up, they signed up.

Unknown: Saves them more than the cost of it to sign up.

Unknown: So there is that.

Unknown: And I think because of like RAI, like just some of the other like retailers in town, it's something we have to agree to because otherwise people will respond online.

Lucas: Do you think that, or what else do you think drives the most customers to come into the store?

Unknown: I think a big part of it is just like the one-on-one kind of like sales experience.

Unknown: Like some of it is just like people like to support support small business over buying online.

Unknown: So I feel like like kind of that idea is like bringing a lot of people here.

Unknown: But then also like Freewill's been like a company since 74 I think.

Unknown: Right.So like it's established.

Unknown: Yeah, addition.

Unknown: Yeah.So there's a lot of like loyal customers like word of mouth too is really driving like there's a bunch of people coming in like friends let me come in here.

Lucas: Um I'm curious would they tell you what frustrated them about the Eric's experience?

Unknown: Uh kind of.

Unknown: Um a lot of times it is just like poor customer service.

Unknown: Yeah, I mean uh I mean that yeah, that's uh bike people know their stops when they yeah, that I mean that's definitely a thing.

Unknown: We even like we have a thing called Listen 360.

Unknown: Like if you buy something you're in an email to give feedback.

Unknown: And I mean even even us, like, we get people who feel that way.

Unknown: So like there are like you can relate a lot more than I can like see the person who's like I've never biked like what what should I do?

Lucas: But uh I mean there's like a few guys here who like don't have a ton of time for yeah people that they like they like bikes.

Lucas: They like if someone can't like see like the value in a $300 helmet there's awful what are we just get them out of here.

Unknown: You don't need them.

Unknown: So I mean what do you is there something that's like kind of absurd the m the amount of margin that take it takes off for you guys?

Lucas: Are you saying like what's like what's like a big margin item like a good seller or no I'm saying on the side in terms of like big hitters for costs beyond the product.

Unknown: I mean the the bikes aren't uh great marginal.

Lucas: Like the bikes themselves are probably the worst margin of anything in here.

Unknown: Yeah or yeah or more costs like not directly with the product.

Unknown: Oh I mean like any business like payroll payroll rent um like I would have to like I don't know all the ins and outs of that but I would have to imagine that payroll is far and away like the biggest expense we have.

Unknown: So that's like a yeah that's like a foot.

Unknown: So okay.

Unknown: I mean yeah definitely payroll this building.

Unknown: I don't think we own a building so rent and then I don't know outside of that like is there anything in your just day-to-day that frustrates you that you always just kind of dread about the job that seems inefficient or um no, I mean, honestly, it's working here it's a lot uh easier, more relaxed for me personally than that other shop I got.

Unknown: Yeah, like the the thing I didn't like the most, uh we so like so here there's like a clear like separation of roles.

Lucas: I don't ever spend time in shop like working on bikes.

Unknown: Hated checking your bikes for service.

Unknown: So just I did dread that.

Unknown: So that's not like right now, I hardly have time for lunch today.

Unknown: It moves quick.

Unknown: You're talking about plenty to do, yeah.

Unknown: That's fun. Yeah.

Lucas: I'm studying entrepreneurship.

Unknown: You know, we're.

Lucas: We love outdoor sports.

Lucas: So we're just kind of.

Lucas: Software or some sort of product to help you guys out or just trying to hear from people that know it best.

Unknown: Yeah, let me give you a discussion.

Unknown: It's my girlfriend's uncle.

Unknown: I don't know, I think you'll be able to get a hold of him on LinkedIn.

Unknown: He's real active on LinkedIn.

Unknown: He worked on it.

Unknown: Oh, really?

Unknown: Like, originally, like, he was on his own, made this app or whatever, and Trek bought it, then Trek hired him.

Unknown: What's his name?

Lucas: So you guys are like looking for, you're gonna create your own.

Unknown: I'm like a bit of an entrepreneur myself, but I don't know.

Unknown: I've got some real estate, like rental properties.

Unknown: But I was going to say I'm not near as creative.

Unknown: Well, that's what we're going to be doing.

Unknown: Probably.Eric Lynn.

Unknown: But I think he would talk to you guys.

Unknown: Yeah.Search.

Unknown: Oh, Lynn, I see. Yeah.

Lucas: Dude, I feel like he'd have something for you, guys.

Lucas: How's the rental property business?

Unknown: It's back in Dubuque, where I was.

Unknown: I went to school there.

Unknown: I lived there for like ten years before.

Unknown: Yeah.Do you like it up here so far?

Unknown: Yeah.Well, we're up in, I live up in Maple Grove, like a suburb's prequiet neighborhood.

Lucas: We're from Minnetonka.

Lucas: My girlfriend teaches this school.

Unknown: Three years.

Lucas: So we would have just seniors in college now, but that's crazy.

Unknown: Yeah.We had her as a teacher.

Unknown: That's why I moved up here.

Unknown: She's been up there for four years now.

Unknown: Rugby?We both played rugby.

Unknown: Um she was a student teaching in Dubuque.

Unknown: Uh she was still playing um for you and I, Northern Iowa, um, and she didn't have a team to practice with, so she practiced with our men's team. Wow.

Unknown: That's awesome.

Lucas: I've got some good buddies that I go to Clemson, and they're on the rugby team there, and they love it.

Unknown: We'll go to Tailgate for the game sometimes.

Unknown: Good for you.

Lucas: Sweet.Well, we really appreciate the time.

Unknown: Yeah, thank you so much.

Unknown: It's all helpful insights.

Unknown: Good luck with the real estate.

Unknown: Appreciate it.

Lucas: We'll let you know.

Lucas: Hopefully, we connect with Eric. Yeah.

Unknown: Take care.