Retail inventory research interview
===================================
Date: May 18, 2026
Time: 4:05 PM – 4:14 PM CDT
Location: 140 George St, Excelsior, MN 55331


TRANSCRIPT
----------
Unknown: goes through the catalogs, picks out the product, places the order.

Unknown: G

Unknown: Yeah.The order arrives, you check it in, make sure it's put in the system.

Unknown: How it's run?

Lucas: Yeah, well, we're just doing some research on locha retail shops.

Unknown: Who are you?

Unknown: Who are you?

Lucas: I am a junior college student at Clumsy University, but I'm originally, I went to Minnetonka High School.

Lucas: We're just doing some exploration into retail, and I'm curious just about inventory decisions.

Lucas: You do not have to answer.

Lucas: I don't mean to take up your time.

Lucas: Oh, it's just really kind of fascinating.

Unknown: We're just curious.

Unknown: Are you by yourself or do you have a group of kids?

Lucas: The other kids somewhere else in Excelsior, right?

Unknown: Oh, they're all just asking business questions?

Lucas: Yeah, we're just walking into places and just being curious, trying to learn.

Unknown: What do you say to you?

Lucas: Sorry.But I do not want to distract you from customers or anything.

Unknown: Well, usually you should make an appointment for that kind of stuff, you know.

Unknown: Yeah, normally.

Lucas: Don't you, as a business student, you should keeping it casual, you know, literally just a curious conversation of school work, you need to present yourself a little bit more formal.

Unknown: That's totally fine.

Lucas: This is the approach we're taking, so we can go to the next.

Unknown: If you present yourself a bit formal, then we might answer your more questions.

Unknown: Okay.Yeah, if it's just like that, it's like, mmm.

Lucas: No, I get it, because it's not being mean, okay?

Lucas: I'm not being totally fine.

Unknown: So, how many of you are out here?

Lucas: Just me and another kid.

Unknown: There's two of us.

Unknown: But aren't you done with college now or are you still in school right now?

Lucas: We're done with school, so we're entrepreneurship majors, and we're, I mean, with everything going on, we're trying to see if there's any burning problems around the retail industry specific.

Lucas: Like, we talked to a bike shop the other day about how they were making their inventory decisions, because normally I'm sure it's someone like yourself that is kind of, you know, like she was saying, sits down at a catalog and really just, it's all in your head, right?

Unknown: Yes, yes.

Lucas: And, you know, we know the importance of keeping the shelves stock with the right products.

Unknown: But I think, yeah, I would say if you're asking for that, like a.

Unknown: So, what is are you reporting to yourself?

Unknown: Are you writing a report after that?

Lucas: No, we're reporting to ourselves.

Lucas: So, we're in entrepreneurship classes where.

Unknown: But, how are you going to get graded?

Unknown: Do you get graded on this?

Unknown: Or this is just your own curiosity?

Unknown: This is our own curiosity.

Unknown: Ah, okay, okay.

Lucas: So, there's no it's not like an official project for school, we're just entrepreneurial students.

Unknown: Got it, got it, gallery.

Unknown: Yes, okay.

Unknown: If it was like with a professor, we probably would have like you should feel, you know, this is just your own curiosity.

Lucas: Yeah, so, like, for example, we worked with a boat cleaning business, and we helped them automate some things on the back end.

Lucas: That wasn't retail, we're just basically trying to identify problems that could be solved because we want to be entrepreneurs.

Unknown: So, what do you want?

Unknown: What do you want to?

Lucas: What kind of entrepreneur are you?

Unknown: What is in your head?

Lucas: Like, I mean, my passion is building meaningful relationships, and so, like, that's vague.

Lucas: It's vague, but so the thought here is: like, someone like yourself, if you are making all of these purchasing decisions yourself, if we could give you something that gives it a little more rhyme or reason and saves time, then you can spend that 20% of your time on other things you are passionate about or improving your store, right?

Lucas: And so that's where my motivation comes in this side.

Lucas: But the truth is, we don't really know what we're doing yet because we're using.

Unknown: Do you work in retail before?

Lucas: No, so I'm I'm heading out to New York next week to sell for a startup.

Unknown: So, just doing sales and learning about small businesses, everybody makes decisions wildly.

Unknown: Everybody is different.

Lucas: Well, that's what I'm curious about.

Lucas: Do you mind if I ask a question or two?

Unknown: It's totally no, I'm not going to give you a specific answer because to be honest with you, small businesses depend on the owner.

Unknown: Yeah.Like, I do, but don't use because we're an outlier.

Lucas: Well, no, that's exactly like that's exactly who we want to talk to, though.

Lucas: Because we're more saying, we know it's an outlier, but there's something driving your decisions on what to stock the shelves with, versus you know, like, okay, some people are motivated by making money, some people are more passionate.

Unknown: So, you're talking to, you know, this is all one-of-a-kind situation.

Unknown: Yeah.Yeah.

Unknown: So, I will, for me, I will find out what you really want because you can talk to every single thing, everybody is going to give you.

Unknown: Yeah.Yeah.

Lucas: So, well, I think that's the point is, we're trying to learn about these unique stores.

Lucas: Like, what do you prioritize?

Unknown: Because you say, like, well, like I say, everybody is different.

Unknown: You don't, you don't care.

Unknown: Yeah, I'm saying everybody, everyone of us is different.

Unknown: I'm not going to give you my secret.

Unknown: Okay, what am I?

Unknown: Okay, that's fine.

Unknown: I'm just saying that everybody, no, you can you can talk to all the small businesses, everybody is different, everybody, yeah, everybody will have different motivation.

Unknown: Obviously, we do need to pay bill at the end of the day, right?

Unknown: That's the part of the business.

Unknown: They do need to be a profitable business, but the reason why we're in business is that everybody is different.

Unknown: Yeah, yeah, no, it makes sense.

Unknown: So, to be, if you sometimes it's not who, which startup are you going to go help?

Unknown: I mean, you don't give me details.

Unknown: What is that a retail startup or is that a we don't know yet?

Lucas: We're curious about problems local retailers.

Lucas: You say you're going to go to work in the retail I'm working for Ramp.

Lucas: They sell financial automation platform.

Lucas: So, it's a different, like, I don't want to start a financial technology company.

Unknown: I'm learning how to sell because they're the best.

Lucas: Okay, but you, you are, sounds like you're trying to more software or I think that it's a very interesting right now, like you said, how retail decisions work with all these small shops because you're all one of a kind.

Lucas: Yes, and so all of these decisions on what to stock your shelves with come from your own brain.

Lucas: And we're curious if there's any power.

Unknown: You know, you, there's all, to be honest, there's there's no, yeah, there's almost everybody, honestly, when I, because I had a business major, but when I'm when you're in business, you have to realize that technically everybody is just different.

Unknown: Yeah, there's no, you, your business will teach you certain things, but you can learn how big business do business.

Unknown: I will learn how big business and mid-size do, yeah, and then when you go to the small one, you just pick and choose which one helps you get to where you need to go.

Lucas: So, like, is there a specific example in your mind of when you either like ordered way too much of a specific toy?

Unknown: Oh, every business has that.

Unknown: Everybody has ordered way too much order-rounding.

Unknown: Yes, every single thing.

Lucas: So, how do you then move forward from that?

Lucas: Do you, like, what how does that change your mind?

Unknown: Because you're trying to predict human behavior, which is you can never possibly do it.

Unknown: You have to try, though.

Unknown: Well, that's what everybody's trying, right?

Unknown: But you have to give yourself enough to be honest, at the end of the day, make sure you have enough money so you can make an error, and then your money will help you overcome your error.

Unknown: That will be bottom line is your cash flow.

Unknown: Anyone you ask is cash flow for small business.

Unknown: Thank you.