Business automation and culture fit discussion
==============================================
Date: May 17, 2026
Time: 2:55 PM – 3:02 PM CDT
Location: 228 Water St, Excelsior, MN 55331


TRANSCRIPT
----------
Unknown: Yeah.

Lucas: Really?There were a lot of like ethical concerns with that helping with the kind of that I think they're a great example of like early success means I agree.

Unknown: That's a cool wait.

Lucas: Like can you be better?

Lucas: I think they're completely like toxic splits up.

Lucas: I know, but where I see the relation is like if you are helping a company with onboarding, in my mind that means stripping down your new employees and making sure that they are completely aligned with the mission, vision of the company, and then obviously well versed in everything that they need to know to work effectively.

Lucas: And then on the other side of that, it's how do you recruit people that are culture fits and aligned with the mission?

Lucas: Like that's what ramp it was seven rounds of interviews, but it was so focused on being a culture fit.

Lucas: They were asking me hard questions not to see what my experience was, but how I would handle them and how I justified that I would be a good fit with their company.

Lucas: And like that last interview they had with me, they were throwing out all the hard questions that they could, and I could tell the lady at the green light to give me the job or to not give me the job idea.

Lucas: Like, am I gonna fit in?

Lucas: Is what she was going for. And. Yeah, but that's.

Unknown: It's not a wedge, it's not a wedge.

Unknown: It's people stuff, yeah.

Unknown: I think there's even.

Unknown: It's hard to change people.

Unknown: Yeah, but there's even a different thesis.

Unknown: It's like, it's tangent to that.

Lucas: It's like people and software are like the furthest things apart in mind.

Unknown: Like it's hard to. ..

Lucas: It's hard to consume what people say or what people think inside software.

Unknown: Or hard to analyze.

Unknown: There's everything el

Unknown: Easier to analyze than people.

Lucas: Security, Mario, is that assassination space right now?

Lucas: Yeah, this is people like that.

Lucas: I love that they throw the RAM logo.

Unknown: Oh yeah.

Lucas: Yeah, like it's just a fun logo to start out with.

Unknown: Yeah, that's funny.

Lucas: Are you recording now?

Lucas: To then put it into office hours.

Lucas: So you built out a complete operating workflow for Squeaky Clean Boat Services, a company that you run yourself.

Lucas: Yes.In order so that you could completely automate all the administrative side of all the back office.

Lucas: For me, it's because I want to step out and focus on other things, but I equally could have done for the focus on it.

Lucas: With this path of wanting to work with small businesses, I love that as our North Star.

Lucas: Yeah, that tagline is sick.

Lucas: But with Fritz, he's deciding whether he need FCR window cleaning, if he wants to, if he can get it so that someone else can run the business for him and he can completely step back, or if he just sells.

Lucas: Like, I'd be so curious to see how we could automate one thing for him and take the same approach with every small business.

Lucas: Like, it's kind of, I mean, like, looking at we might need wedges for that, too, right?

Unknown: Like, it might be just saying, okay, what's one thing I can start with?

Unknown: So it means I can go into the whole operating system.

Unknown: The whole thing, the whole issue with operating systems is people are already using something.

Unknown: Yeah.Right?

Unknown: It's not a brand new business.

Lucas: So they already have infrastructure built up, which means to really build this out, you need a small wedge of what can we automate first, and then you can start taking but you have all you have all these tabs on your boat website that you built.

Lucas: Like it's starting with one and it's adding, and it's similar to what Ramp's doing.

Lucas: And like I was talking to Drew Siegel about, he's like, one of the hardest but most exciting things is that every week I feel like I'm selling a different product.

Lucas: Like it changes, you have to learn about it and like they're just picking tiny pieces of what is ramp what Ramp started with the wedge of chardoff, right?

Lucas: Yeah, oh my friend was their first like their start was like monit like helping people efficiently upload expense receipts.

Lucas: It was because they did that from their email so the founders started a different FinTech company.

Lucas: And then realize.

Lucas: They sold it to, I want to say, I don't know if it was Capital One.

Lucas: And then ended up leaving the startup.

Unknown: Which is hilarious.

Unknown: I'm looking at this task for second graders like A, who weren't supposed to be able to, you weren't supposed to get 100%.

Unknown: And they're like, holy shit.

Unknown: Yeah, we definitely did.

Lucas: And his parents said I created the corner.

Lucas: And then you should add, you want to add a little project constr